The Sun and the Moon
The sun rises in the morning
The sun rises in the evening
The day has come
Our spring has come
Let's plant the soil
Stretch out your arms
The soil is burning
The hill is shining
It's a joy that overflows in the chest
Now, let's plant the soil
Let's plant the soil
Stretch out your arms
The Sun and the Moon
Turn the earth
This is the breath of the rising core
Love and youth
Let's plant the soil
Stretch out your arms
The Sun and the Moon
Now is the time to cut off Japan's hands
This power that flows through the hands
The flower of eternity that will be tied
Let's plant the soil
Stretch out your arms
Translated by Releska